ok    第一站清单改版：旧的条数判据被满足（>= 2），说明代理指标在这里就会放过 -> 条数 = 2
ok    第一站清单改版：新的站点判据不满足，等待超时而不是放过 -> 值= 错误=Timed out after 2s waiting for: the onboard acknowledged the worklist at the second stop. Last observed: (nothing)
ok    第一站清单改版：不许被诊断成「两站是同一个站点」 -> 错误=Timed out after 2s waiting for: the onboard acknowledged the worklist at the second stop. Last observed: (nothing)
ok    第二站清单已确认：返回的是那一站的站点 id，不是布尔也不是条数 -> 值=STATION-B 错误=
ok    第二站清单发了但没被确认：不接受 -> 值= 错误=Timed out after 2s waiting for: the onboard acknowledged the worklist at the second stop. Last observed: (nothing)
ok    另一份清单的站点 id 为空：不算「不同的站点」 -> 值= 错误=Timed out after 2s waiting for: the onboard acknowledged the worklist at the second stop. Last observed: (nothing)
ok    两站相同：说清这趟旅程的两站是同一个站点，而不是一条光秃秃的超时 -> 错误=Timed out waiting for a worklist at a station other than 'STATION-A'. The journey plan for demand d-1 puts every leg at that same station, so this journey's two stops are one station and this criterion cannot be satisfied by construction -- the server did not fail to send the second stop's worklist. (1 acknowledged worklist(s), all at 'STATION-A'.) Whether a same-station journey is legal is a product question this check does not answer (control-server#270); what it says is that this criterion does not apply to one.
ok    而且明确否掉「服务端没发第二站清单」这个方向 -> 错误=Timed out waiting for a worklist at a station other than 'STATION-A'. The journey plan for demand d-1 puts every leg at that same station, so this journey's two stops are one station and this criterion cannot be satisfied by construction -- the server did not fail to send the second stop's worklist. (1 acknowledged worklist(s), all at 'STATION-A'.) Whether a same-station journey is legal is a product question this check does not answer (control-server#270); what it says is that this criterion does not apply to one.
ok    而且不声称同站旅程非法——那是产品问题，这个检查不回答 -> 错误=Timed out waiting for a worklist at a station other than 'STATION-A'. The journey plan for demand d-1 puts every leg at that same station, so this journey's two stops are one station and this criterion cannot be satisfied by construction -- the server did not fail to send the second stop's worklist. (1 acknowledged worklist(s), all at 'STATION-A'.) Whether a same-station journey is legal is a product question this check does not answer (control-server#270); what it says is that this criterion does not apply to one.
ok    同站 + 2 份已确认清单：消息里报的是 2 份，不是「有没有」 -> 错误=Timed out waiting for a worklist at a station other than 'STATION-A'. The journey plan for demand d-1 puts every leg at that same station, so this journey's two stops are one station and this criterion cannot be satisfied by construction -- the server did not fail to send the second stop's worklist. (2 acknowledged worklist(s), all at 'STATION-A'.) Whether a same-station journey is legal is a product question this check does not answer (control-server#270); what it says is that this criterion does not apply to one.
ok    计划改版成同站：按最新那版判，诊断照样出声 -> 错误=Timed out waiting for a worklist at a station other than 'STATION-A'. The journey plan for demand d-1 puts every leg at that same station, so this journey's two stops are one station and this criterion cannot be satisfied by construction -- the server did not fail to send the second stop's worklist. (1 acknowledged worklist(s), all at 'STATION-A'.) Whether a same-station journey is legal is a product question this check does not answer (control-server#270); what it says is that this criterion does not apply to one.
ok    计划里有一条腿站点为空：不许诊断成同站，交还原来的超时 -> 错误=Timed out after 2s waiting for: the onboard acknowledged the worklist at the second stop. Last observed: (nothing)
ok    同站 + 一份站点为空的清单：「all at」只数有站点的那份，报 1 不报 2 -> 错误=Timed out waiting for a worklist at a station other than 'STATION-A'. The journey plan for demand d-1 puts every leg at that same station, so this journey's two stops are one station and this criterion cannot be satisfied by construction -- the server did not fail to send the second stop's worklist. (1 acknowledged worklist(s), all at 'STATION-A'.) Whether a same-station journey is legal is a product question this check does not answer (control-server#270); what it says is that this criterion does not apply to one.
ok    失败路径那次读也抛时：保留原来的超时，不被这次读自己的错顶替 -> 错误=Timed out after 2s waiting for: the onboard acknowledged the worklist at the second stop. Last observed: (nothing)
ok    第一站清单已确认但站点 id 为空：旧的「条数 >= 1」被满足，说明它会放过 -> 条数 = 1
ok    第一站清单已确认但站点 id 为空：新判据超时，不把空值交给第二站 -> 值= 错误=Timed out after 2s waiting for: the onboard acknowledged the worklist at the first stop. Last observed: (nothing)
ok    第一站清单已确认：返回它的站点 id -> 值=STATION-A 错误=
ok    已确认清单跨了两个站点：抛前提失效，不把可能指错的值交给第二站 -> 错误=The earliest acknowledged worklist of demand d-1 is at 'STATION-A', but its acknowledged worklists already span more than one station (STATION-A, STATION-B). This function returns the earliest as a stand-in for "the stop just finished", and that is only guaranteed while this demand has no acknowledged worklist beyond the current stop's. Here it already has one at another station, so the guarantee is gone and this value may name the wrong stop -- and this check is then the only thing that speaks. The second stop's wait excludes whatever this returns, so a wrong value there is satisfied by the first stop's own worklist: it PASSES, and the run ends green with the two stops judged in the wrong order (control-server#270).
ok    而且消息点名的是【最早】那一份（STATION-A），不是最晚的 -> 错误=The earliest acknowledged worklist of demand d-1 is at 'STATION-A', but its acknowledged worklists already span more than one station (STATION-A, STATION-B). This function returns the earliest as a stand-in for "the stop just finished", and that is only guaranteed while this demand has no acknowledged worklist beyond the current stop's. Here it already has one at another station, so the guarantee is gone and this value may name the wrong stop -- and this check is then the only thing that speaks. The second stop's wait excludes whatever this returns, so a wrong value there is satisfied by the first stop's own worklist: it PASSES, and the run ends green with the two stops judged in the wrong order (control-server#270).
ok    还没有清单：普通超时 -> 错误=Timed out after 2s waiting for: the onboard acknowledged the worklist at the first stop. Last observed: (nothing)
ok    清单发了但没被确认：不接受 -> 错误=Timed out after 2s waiting for: the onboard acknowledged the worklist at the first stop. Last observed: (nothing)
ok    前一站的站点 id 为空：抛的是护栏自己那条错，而不是让判据退化成「任何清单都算」 -> 错误=Cannot wait for a worklist at a station other than '': the previous station id is empty, so every acknowledged worklist would satisfy the criterion and the wait would pass at its first poll. Whoever read that id got nothing back -- fix that read rather than this wait (control-server#265).
ok    而且没有发生任何数据库读（排除「护栏跑了但查询照样发生」） -> 探针读了 0 次
L2WorklistStationWait self-check: all 23 cases as expected.
exit=0
